  About This Program

This program provides a terminal-based browser for the Unicode
character set, allowing the user to examine the range of characters,
or at least the ones that their terminal supports. (Or, perhaps more
to the point, to determine *which* ones their terminal supports.)

The source code also provides a very simple example of using the
ncurses library's wide character functions.


  Building and Installing

To build, simply run "make". The build process will attempt to
download data files for the current Unicode standard using curl(1), so
you will need a working internet connection the first time you build
(and for any build done after running "make clean-all").

All necessary data is compiled in, so that the resulting executable
can run standalone. If you wish to install the program to a shared
location, just use cp(1).


  License

Copyright (C) 2013-2017 Brian Raiter <breadbox@muppetlabs.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
